HTTP - a application layer protocol, tcp works under the hook, 
TCP Handshake - syn, syn-ack , ack 

Persistent Connection - don't close tcp connection after one request response   

  keep-alive -> Connection header in http/1.0 to persist the http connection
    before keep-alive header -> single tcp connection would server only one http request / response. 
    now same tcp connection can be used to server multiple http requests.  

HTTP Headers -

  General Headers -

    Cache-control: max-age=3600, public 
      cache the response in each infra layer for 3600 seconds

    Cache-control: no-store 
      dont' cache the response anywhere. 

    Cache-control: no-cache 
      cache the response, but must re-validate with the browser before using it. 

    Date: Sun, 22 Aug 2025 14:00:00 GMT 
      indicates when server sends the response. 

    Via: 1.1 proxy1.example.com, 1.1 proxy2.example.com 
      represents via which proxy servers , the request is coming. 

  Request headers - ( attached by the client )

    Host: blog.example.com 
      hostname of the server, from which the client is requesting.

    User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 Chrome/114.0.0.0 Safari/537.36 
      informs server about the client-s browser.

    Accept: application/json 
      informs server the expected format of the response from the client.  

    Accept-Language: en-US, de;q=0.9 
      informs browser language prefs. 

    Accept-Encoding: gzip , deflate , br 
      informs server expected compression algorithm for the response

    Cookie: session_id=abc567; theme=dark 
      client uses this header to send the cookie. 

    Referer: https://example.com/page1 
      represents the site from which the client has been referred. 

    Authorization: Bearer eyJhbKciOiJm 
      client use this for sending authentication credentials

    Range: bytes=0-499 
      lets client download specific byte range of a file. ( used in streaming,short videos , optimises bandwidth ) 

    If-Modified-Since: Tue, 11 Jun 2024 10:00:00 GMT 
      send the resource only when modified since ( optimising bandwidth )

    X-Forwarded-For: 203.0.113.21 
      attached by the proxy , defines for which client the request is forwarded. ( 203, here is client ip ) 

    X-Forwarded-Proto: https 
      attached by lb or proxy , defines the original protocol used by the client. 

    X-Forwarded-Port: 443 
      tells the server original port used by the client. 
  
  Response Headers -

    Location: /welcome  
      attached by the server, tell the location of the resource created. ( client can use it for redirection )

    Set-Cookie: session_id=abc123; Path=/; HttpOnly 
      server instructing the client to store data as a cookie. 

    Access-Control-Allow-Origin: ecommerce-store.com  
      tells the browser which sites are allowed to access resource on a site.

    Age: 120 
      attached by a cache , cdn or proxy, represents how many seconds the response has been cached since fetched from origin. ( helps browser decide the cache freshness ) 

    Accept-Ranges: bytes 
      server telling whether it supported the partial request or resource download. ( useful in streaming )

    Content-Range: bytes 0-499/1234
      represents which part of the partial request have been served. 
  
  Payload Headers -

    Content-Type: application/json 
      server indicates the format of the response being served. 

    Content-Length: 348
      server indicating the length of the message body / payload

    Content-Encoding: gzip
      server indicates the compression algorithm used for the response.

    Content-Language: en-US
      server indicates the languages of the response 

    Last-Modified: Tue, 11 Jun 2024 10:00:00 GMT
      server indicates when the resource was last modified. 


trie deletion - 

5 cases - 

1. key not present in the trie - ( delete nothing )
2. key is not a prefix of any other key - ( delete all nodes )
3. key have common prefix with other key - ( unmark )
4. key have leading an existing elements - ( delete the part of the key , which is leading the preceding, ex test and testing  ) 
5. 
