kmp solves pattern searching and its index in o(N+M)
building of lps array
  complete string is ignored ( only PROPER prefix and PROPER suffix are considered )
  prefix are suffix are compared in same order ( direction l-> r )
  prefix are suffix can overlap, we just need to ignore the complete string. 
  for a lps of i it can be max lps[i-1] + 1 ( prove by contradiction )

port 80 - standard default port for insecure HTTP
port 443 - standard default port for secure (tls/https)

each user connection buffer needs to be maintained, go and nodejs are much bettern than java in those context. ( java keeps a large stack area, for classloaders and gc metadata ) 

kv store - 
  pros - 
    sechema less design 
    data model - key value pairs
    high performance - we can directly access the value by querying for the key. 
    easily scalable, accross multiple server, some keys in one server, and some in others. ( consistent hashing can also be used for even distribution )
    use cases - analytics, cache, session

  cons - 
    fast for simple querying but complex querying / aggregations might be challenging
    strict relationships needs to be handled in application logic. 

@Headers decorator in nestjs for handling the logic according to the request headers. 

location (response header) - primarily used for redirection, once a resource is created , we can location header in the reponse of the post request, to let the client find the created resource. 
  res.setHeader(location, /users/${userId})

access-control-allow-origin - 
  response header set by the server, 
  browser checks the response header and if the header value doesn't match from the origin which it is called. then it blocks the response
    it makes sure that evil.com cannot view the response from bank.com, even if sends the request. 
  browser also blocks the response if the header is missing. ( default behaviour ) 
  this is also known as same origin policy (sop)

requests are of two types - 
  simple request - GET , HEAD, POST
  preflight reuqest - PUT , DELETE, PATCH , OPTIONS ,, in these requests,  browser automatically send a options ( preflight ) request to know its support.

every simple request is processed by the server no matter from which origin it is coming
therefore, cors is not a security feature,  it just prevents unauthorized sites from viewing your data. ( but still data can be deleted.)

cors just says, only these origins are allowed to read the response, but still writes can happen

write prevention is implemented through CSRF Token


